Add note that IDE0050 is now a refactoring (#27975)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/ide0050.md

---
# Convert anonymous type to tuple (IDE0050)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This analyzer was changed to a refactoring in Visual Studio 2022 17.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This style rule was removed and converted to a Visual Studio refactoring in Visual Studio 2022. For information about the refactoring, see [Convert anonymous type to tuple](/visualstudio/ide/reference/convert-anonymous-type-to-tuple).
```
